[ Xedra Evolved ] Update Readme.md (#85373)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/mods/Xedra_Evolved/README.md

### Rumours of New Birth
When dimensional seepage began many of the fae returned to their old places of power.  This included the elemental fae which were less likely to interact with humans due to a more alien lifecycle.  As the Cataclysm began most of the fae left for less actively hostile dimensions.  In the case of the elemental fae this proves to be a problem as their unborn children aren't carried in the belly of a fae but rather are born over time in sacred locations, known as genius locii.  In hidden locations across the Earth a few unlucky elemental fae are waking up to find themselves abandoned in a dying world.  Maybe they'll be able to find a way out, one day.  

## Chapter 2 Powers beyond mere imagination

> This section introduces several magical classes and spells and abilities for the these classes.  The player can grasp powers that they never dreamed of before the portals to other worlds started opening.  This magical system can be used alongside Magiclysm's but doesn't require it. The goal is for each of the classes to feel different from each other.  Currently looking for mapgen locations that could play a good host for the various items that grant these powers.  Such as pawn shops, museums and monster lairs.  You can start as Occult Government Agents, an accidental Chronomancer or learn Nether sorcery or hedge magic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section introduces several magical classes and spells and abilities for the these classes.  The player can grasp powers that they never dreamed of before the portals to other worlds started opening.  This magical system can be used alongside Magiclysm's but doesn't require it.  The goal is for each of the classes to feel different from each other.  Currently looking for mapgen locations that could play a good host for the various items that grant these powers.  Such as pawn shops, museums and monster lairs.  You can start as Occult Government Agents, an accidental Chronomancer, or learn Nether sorcery or hedge magic.
```

The fourth chapter of Xedra Evolved chases rumors of cryptids and trophy hunting shadow creatures.  Missions and random encounters with pre-cataclysm cryptids can reward you with unique experiences and items.  The Gracken came to Earth looking to hunt the most dangerous game and it's certainly not man.  They use trophy parts from these kills to evolve new and interesting traits mimicking the powers of the monsters they hunted.  We are looking for harvest items from existing monsters that Gracken can use to manufacture new evolutions and powers.

### Shipping manifest
Dozens of new monsters including unique cryptid monsters with special abilities and trophies.
The ability to become a vampire as a side path to standard mutations.  Should not interfere with any other mutation paths.
Dhampir racial background and Bloodthorne Druid Vampire Hunter .
Lilin racial scenario that is a demon of disease and illness.
Werewolf racial scenario that gains abilities from hunting and killing nether beings.
Gracken, shadow beings that restructure their bodies with evolutions ripped from them foes.
A dozen plus missions and mission unique rewards
27 professions

> Multiple new and unique diseases/parasites to catch

Reviewer: Add periods to each line?

Author: yeah I can't decide on periods.  I think it looks better without them but then I write a full paragraph somewhere else nearby and looking at the paragraphs and the sentences together I'm like damn this looks weird.  Probably best to add them everywhere.

The third chapter has brought with it Vampires both as monsters and as a disease that can infect you the player character and render you a being with unnatural powers and thirsts.  This section has also added some CBMs and the monsters you can dissect them out of.   Looking for more location, similarly themed CBMs and content for Vampire Hunters including NPCs and quests. The ability to use the blood you consume to power new abilities has been added.  Vampire traits are a side lane of the mutation code and should be available no matter what threshold you pursue.

### Shipping manifest
Dozens of new monsters including unique cryptid monsters with special abilities and trophies.
The ability to become a vampire as a side path to standard mutations.  Should not interfere with any other mutation paths.
Dhampir racial background and Bloodthorne Druid Vampire Hunter .
Lilin racial profession that is a demon of disease and illness.

> Werewolf racial profession that gains abilities from hunting and killing nether beings.

Author: ```suggestion
Lilin racial scenario that is a demon of disease and illness.
Werewolf racial scenario that gains abilities from hunting and killing nether beings.
```
